No one in this world can burn me
You are negative next week
Not even qualified
You shameless maniac
Make trouble with my Xiao family, Pingyong, Zhao Jian, and my daughter
Dare to snatch the treasure of my Xiao family, the Dustless Sword
It turned out that he came for the Xiao family's Dustless Sword
In front of the four guardians of our Five Divine Platforms
How dare you openly snatch the treasure
Are you impatient?
A mere first dust-free sword in the world
I really didn't care
If you care that much
Then I'll pay you back the interest.
How could this be?
This Excalibur solar term
This dust-free sword
The sword plus the mortal as the master has merged with the sword of others
Absolutely impossible